Organized and knows how to explain complex topics in a simple way. He's respectful, helpful, and actually wants students to succeed. Highly recommend taking him.

He's a solid professor. You can tell he has experience in the CS workforce and isn't just another boring CS lecturer. He tries to connect the topics with either IRL applications or directly in CS which I appreciate a lot - it really helped me grasp the concept faster. If you take notes and watch the lectures, you should do well in this class.

I took 206&210 w Blackmore. I highly recommend him. He makes content very easy to understand & curves generously, dropping lowest quiz, lowest hw & lower of 2 midterms! Also substitutes SIRS completion % w the last hw. 210 lecture was difficult bc of poor acoustics & a kid who often disrupted the flow. By October 90% of students were not attending.

Most of the material in the course was straightforward and there weren't any trick questions. I didn't like how all of his exams had strict grading criteria. There was no partial credit for answering any questions, so the average score for his exams were pretty low. Thankfully, he curved the class a lot.

He is a really caring professor who always responds to emails and provides many ways to improve your grades. There are 5 projects (lowest dropped), 5-6 quizzes (lowest dropped), 2 midterms (lowest dropped), and a final. Overall, it is a relatively easy course with this professor but get ready to teach yourself everything.

The professor is sweet but the course no matter the teacher is terrible.

His lectures are the most mind-numbing I have ever attended. His teaching skills reflect his 25-year absence from academia. Avoid taking any classes with him; you will gain nothing from them. You would gain more by watching a random Python tutorial on YouTube than by spending a semester attending this man's lectures.

Great Professor! Extremely concise and easy-to-follow lectures + many opportunities to earn points, wants every student to get an A!

Professor Blackmore is a very kind and chill person. He wants you to succeed and gives plenty of opportunity to do so. If you see him for CS classes, please take.

Incredibly generous grader and seemed to be in his element even in online lectures. Lowest quiz and homework grades were dropped and so so so many extra credit opportunities were presented. Please take a class with him when you get the chance

