Would 100% guarantee her to anyone else. Very kind on the exams and grading. Cares about you learning the topics well and doing well in her class. Lots of Extra Credit, lenient grading, and she answers quickly on email outside of class.

Burns is definitely the professor you'd want to take for 211. I had her F24, and she made this class incredibly straightforward. There are also many extra credit opportunities, and compared to some of the other professors teaching this class, she reduces the stress tremendously.

Took Prof. Burns in F24 and if you're lucky enough to have her, congrats! Homeworks are a lil difficult but there's a lot of extra credit opportunities that make the class extremely hard to fail or do poorly. Exams are straightforward. Random attendance checks but it's worth going because she actually makes the material enjoyable. 5/5 definitely.

Easy professor for CompArch, lots and lots of extra credit opportunities, quizzes and tests were straightforward and pretty easy if you pay attention and look over the lecture slides. Attendance is taken randomly. She's very nice and kind, definitely recommend for 211.

F24 She was very understanding and gave a lot of extra credit. The class is so much better with her, she is super understanding and gave extensions to multiple assignments. Took feedback and responded. Assignments were also not super difficult, she was also very engaging during class.

Super nice. Lectures were engaging. She took attendance randomly. If you start all of the projects early, it's an easy A (don't do them the day before like I did). Bomb lab was super fun, don't be intimidated by it. There's really great YT tutorials you can follow. Take-home exams(initially in-person). Oral exam was graded super leniently.

F24 was her first non-summer session teaching at Rutgers and Prof Burns was great. Flexible with due dates and the assignments weren't impossibly difficult. She also gave a ton of extra credit so it was basically impossible to get a B. She was also j really nice and pleasant which was a plus.

