Outstanding professor, goes out of his way to help his students succeed.

I would say his Lectures were amazing. Apparently, he had personal issues, but it took up so much of my energy and anxiety with this class, as he never graded anything!! The HW was bad due to how it's worded (same for the exams), but felt quite lenient b/c of that. I got most of my grades the DAY OF the final. Final Grade appeared on the 6th

Think he had an off semester because grading took a long time, but lectures are engaging and he's willing to work with students. Disorganized grading and homework is hard but fair, and he gives a lot of time for it. Exams weren't bad. Put in effort and its easy to do well in this course.

Unfortunately, class with this prof took years off my life. Lacked structure and expectations, particularly with grading. Almost impossible to get in touch with him, and homework was impossible. No topics list or exam guidance was provided, A minimal amount of organization and transparency would have made all the difference.

A passionate lecturer and easy to follow (with many examples too). I really enjoyed his lectures. Assignments were hard but doable, and helped me learn. Inaccessible outside of class and took forever to grade things (though he did mention some personal issues he was going through at the time). If you can get a hold of him, he's a great resource.

Off semester because of personal stuff so really slow grading. HW's were hard but doable. Exams were very tough but graded fairly leniently (70 avg~ for both). 25% per exam, 50% hw (3-4 a sem, we had 3). Great lecturer but notes are hard to follow if you don't go to class. Use the textbook. Overall really nice guy and willing to work with you.

He writes notes on blank sheets, which I found engaging. He welcomes questions and discussion during lecture. All 3 projects take time, but he gives enough time as long as you pace yourself. His personal life likely impacted his grading schedule. Strangely, he tends to open the submission box late, and he did not answer e-mails this semester.

This professor is very disorganized. Emails were never answered, which made communication difficult. We did not have proper practice material for exams, and there was little guidance on how to study. Until mid-winter break hw and exam grades were incomplete, so many students didnt know where they stood. This caused confusion about expectations.

The other ratings saying he can be disorganized are true, but I think he really cares and tries to help you out. If you put in effort you will pass, don't let the negative reviews scare you. Personally, as long as I pass I'm happy - and this professor will certainly help you achieve that.

Should clarify that the professor had personal issues, which contributes to this rating. His lectures are great, you learn a lot from them. Unfortunately, class was horribly disorganized. Any other semester I think the class would be run far better, but not this semester unfortunately.

Bro never post grade. The semester is finish and I only got my grade for hw1. He had posted the grades for hw2, but he immediately withdrew them. I have no idea what he's up to. Notes are handwriting and exams are difficult. No practice exams and there are few example problems. Everything is in the announcement and get everything posted very late.

He had some personal issues this semester, which might have impacted performance. With that being said, HW portals are not posted until 8-10 PM the day of (11:59 due) and grades take weeks to release (midterm grade still not out yet & just finished final). Difficult notes & often posted late. Doesn't respond to emails. But good teacher & nice guy.

This teacher is absolutely AMAZING! He deeply cares about his students and wants them to do well. However, this class is EXTREMELY DIFFICULT with this teacher. I would not recommend it to anyone unless they are willing to put in multiple hours each week of dedicated studying to understand the content.

One of the best professors at Rutgers, if not the world. He actually cares about student understanding. Really easy to get in touch with outside of class. Homework is really hard though, but he is happy to help out.

This was a challenging course, but the projects really solidified my understanding of the material. While the assignments were time-consuming, using resources like unstuckstudy alongside the lectures helped me manage the workload. The professor was accessible and provided good support.
