The way he teaches is that he moves very quickly regardless of whether anyone understands what he's saying and his accent makes that even harder. There is no canvas page only the homework assignments and lecture notes to prepare for the four tests that make up most of your grade. By far the worst instructor I've ever had.

No Canvas, no textbook, how to understand the his talking, ugly handwriting, poor communication. bad tests.(He wants to discourage his students to study.- After the first exam, I didn't go his class only taking exams. I got B+ without final exam but I wanted to study seriously but the class was waste time and waste money. Avoid his classes.

though he is tough grader, his lectures are the only lectures I look forward to all week! amazing amazing professor!

Bad teacher. Don't understand the hype around him but he is straight up not a good teacher--he's not good at teaching at all.

I'm not finished the course yet, but I will say he does not teach in a way that is easy for students to learn from. If you're coming into the class expecting a compassionate and patient professor who will walk through and explain a problem thoroughly for you, you are sadly mistaken. Be prepared to have to teach yourself.

I'm not even completed with the class yet, but compared

his course is challenging but he knows how to make you successful in the field.

The fundamental issue with classes he teaches is that he does not understand "how" students learn. His teaching methodology consists of writing examples on a white board without first explaining the problems presented. In other words, there is no "teaching" that occurs, he never shows you how to do the problems, he just goes through them. Avoid.

Worst Professor/Class I've ever taken. Could barely understand his lecture and his notes. 8am class. Went over difficult topics way to quick. Would belittle students if they didn't understand what he was teaching. Class AVG for the first test was a 30 which is totally unacceptable. Very rude and unapproachable. Do not take him.

Many college courses are too easy and it does set students up for failure after they graduate. There is a ton of competition in the software field and getting a degree doesn't guarantee you a good position anywhere. Professor Ghandi is no different than any teacher that wants their students to do more than what is expected.

Just save yourself the trouble and avoid him if you can. His math foundations class started with around 50-60 people and had less than 10 left when I withdrew. Confusing when explaining concepts, will put you on the spot daily, and extremely hard grader. If your final answer is wrong good luck trying to get partial credit.

I would go for somebody else if I can. He sounds very fishy at times.

Professor Gandhi is amazing. He can be very rough, but he is only asking you to use your brain and solve problems. That is what is necessary for a job in the field. I never saw him take attendance, but if you miss a class, you will regret it. He does put fake solutions up, but he always told us that it was wrong and why. You will learn A LOT.

The hardest professor I've had, bar none. He's tough. His lectures move quick and he can be harsh at times. But Rajiv Gandhi is the most rewarding professor I have ever had. If you put the effort in, you will walk away from this class with the knowledge and confidence you need to succeed. If you put the effort in, he'll pass you. Great professor.

The bane of my existence

Math found is learning discrete math, a concept that is pretty hard. He will make you work for your grade and assigns the homework for you to do as more practice. It is kind of hard to understand when he's teaching difficult concepts, but make sure to put in A LOT of effort in this class. I guarantee you will be stressed...

