She is a very good teacher and is very helpful. Her teaching style is easy to follow. The homework in the cource is a bit hard but rest of it is easy.

Good teacher

Took her for CS111, now she's the only professor I would change my schedule to take her class for CS112. She understands students and makes things easy to understand and teaches very well.

Went to most lectures. She was very caring and helped answer all questions with compassion and alos had interesting projects.

Prof Goel is an excellent professor who's caring and thoughtful in lectures. She explains concepts clearly and asks questions to highlight mistakes. She reviews exams, but I recommend self-study since you'll rely on lectures and recitation problems. Practice often and don't hesitate to seek help. Note: CS profs can't help with coding assignments.

The best CS professor in the department take her class immediately if its open. Great lecturer, always makes sure to go over topics multiple times for student understanding.

Very friendly professor. 111 is a very big course she will make sure to answer questions. Though I do wish she did more practice coding in lecture but she does it relatively well enough.

If given a choice, trust me just blindly register for her class. The best professor to teach CS111 and CS112 out there.

She was a really good lecturer for this course and was very fair.

Professor Goel is one of the best teachers you can ever get. She is so experienced and tends to help you whenever you need it.

Professor Goel is one of the best professors at Rutgers. She gives good lectures where she outlines what to expect on the exams and assignments. She is nice, caring, and understanding toward her students. The assignments and exams were straightforward and it is possible to get an A.

Had her for intro to cs and data structures. Same grade in both, provides great real life examples during class and carefully goes over each topic thoroughly. Very kind and understanding, which is important for CS. Codes during class, wish it was a bit more frequent but amazing professor overall.

Professor Goel is so amazing! Her lectures are easy to follow, and she is good at simplifying complex concepts. I highly recommend her to students trying out computer science for the first time. Even though I already had some computer science experience beforehand, her lectures taught me much more about stuff I already knew.

amazing lecturer, extremely patient and explains topics well. you are lucky if you have her, easy 10/10

She's really nice and ready to help her students. If you go to lecture and keep up with her and her material, you'll be fine!
