liked how the course allowed you to make up your grade if you messed up on an exam as the hws really helped raise grades and personally I learned more through the hws than exams.

You can tell he is genuinely a nice person, but unfortunately his lectures aren't the most helpful and the class isn't the most organized.

really liked everything I learned. This was the first class where I really used Python, and it was really exciting to see how effective the language is in data cleaning and processing. In addition, I knew very little about machine learning, but now I'm confident in my skills, especially after the final project. The class was always exciting.

Really like him, made lecture enjoyable. Offered career opportunities and was a lovely person to learn from. Class assignments were manageable. Easily recommend this professor, he makes this easy class fun to be a part of.

He will make you enjoy data science and coding. Though he is a little disorganized and uncoordinated, he is excellent at teaching concepts. He always patiently answers all student questions as well. Definitely try to take him for CS210.

although he is disorganized, he is a very nice professor and is also enthusiastic about lectures. class is project heavy with 4 assignments (30%), 5 quizzes (20%), participation (10%), midterm1 (10%), midterm2 (15%), and final project (15%). there is no final exam but the final project is comprehensive.

I thoroughly enjoyed having him as a professor for this class. I feel like I've learnt so much useful information and am definitely now considering data analysis as a future career path! I've even registered for other data science courses that align with the major because of how much I've come to appreciate data management this semester.

The shining star of the Rutgers CS Department.

prof is Enthusiastic, cheerful, and approachable. He encouraged curiosity, linked lessons to real-world use cases, and supported student learning with extra resources (e.g., Cubits videos). I liked the class.

He teaches alongside an AI, which would be fine if he actually knew what he was teaching. He seems to not prepare for his lectures, and changes his exam dates several times in the week leading up to the exam. His assignments are reasonable, and he grades reasonably, but it's his way or the highway, and nothing is his fault. Don't recommend.

He's a great teacher. The class was enjoyable and getting a good grade was very doable.

Chill guy, chill class. Would take again

Guna is fine, but I wish he coordinated with his TAs more, since they had a lot of conflicting information. I don't like his required attendance policy, its all very unclear too. I probably could have gotten an A if I bothered to show up more. Final project was cool though, I liked how he let you go wild as long as you fulfilled his requirements.

Attendance required but easy class if you do the work. 4-5 Labs:35%, 5 Quizzes:20%, Midterm: 20%, Course Project:15%, Attendance:10%. Project seems tough since you have to come up with your idea for what to do but they are easy on the grading. Recitation attendance also required. Uploads lecture slides online. Does a curve based on everyone's grade

He's a good lecturer and fair grader. Genuinely cares about his students learning, and his lectures reflect that. That being said he is very disorganized and does not give clear criteria on how he will grade you on assignments and even for the class, so be prepared to just guess on a lot of things. However he is very approachable and understanding.
