Dr. Kulikowski reminisces his work in the 1970s and rambles about it ad nauseam. The midterm was an oral exam, but he grades leniently. However, it is hard to say what I actually learned in the course. Propose a halfway interesting project idea with a halfway decent execution and presentation to do well in the course.

easy A but don't take him if you actually want to learn something

The class is graded on 2 assignments, 2 quizzes, 1 project, and 2 exams. The exams have almost no material to study and also the professor will put stuff not covered in class on the exam.

Might be the worst prof I have ever taken. Extremely disorganized, lectures were useless. Recitation was where you learned anything. He had no clue where the class was going and randomly one night at 1am dropped an announcement we had our final in a week. Do not take this professor.

Worst CS class ever taken. Man just rambles on while looking at one slide and expects us to know many things about other course despite the pre-req for 440. Lectures give no information, and the slides are 50-90 slides long with confusing information.

He never communicates, didn't give us any grades, gave ppl wrong grades from the same group with the same submissions(literally the exact same file), never responds to emails, never got feedback, his exam had questions and topics that he didn't cover, not a good teacher, and he changes the course structure without telling us anything.

bro just puts up slides and rants about this conference that he did in 1975 about Ai. no actual lecturing. learned everything by self-studying. super disorganized.

I won't be surprised if the only grade we got back was the final grade on our transcript. It seems like he doesn't have a proper plan for this class and is making up the syllabus as we go. His lectures have no substance, and the recitations are where you learn the actual content.

This class was the most disorganized class I had to take at Rutgers. Our final exam date was announced at 1AM one week before and it's in the middle of April instead of finals week!!! Now, we have no idea what the grade distribution will be. We are near the end of the semester and absolutely nothing has been graded & no date when they'll be posted.

The professor was so hilarious and funny! He accidentally sat down on the chair and almost fell down! The professor gave us books about machine learning. However, the quizzes were very hard and lot of writing, so I tried to use ChatGPT and answered questions. The oral exam was pretty easy, and the professor was helpful with my answers.

The course is very disorganized, and he never tells you what's happening in class, and won't make any announcements. He doesn't really teach the topics well, have to self study all of the topics. If you are taking his course, you have to attend his lectures and recitations to even know what's happening.

Took a Byrne Seminar on AI and ChatGPT, but it turned into a confusing philosophy lesson. The discussions felt like ramblings on unrelated topics. Despite the boredom, the course was a Pass/Fail, and I passed. Not what I expected, though. He seems to be a nice person, but I do not recommend him for any CS courses.

Simply put: do not take him. I worked hard in this class but he is a horrible professor. He turns all lessons into a philosophy lesson rather than teaching us what actually matters. You'll end up teaching yourself which is what I ended up doing and I still did not pass. Seriously ridiculous we pay for teachers who can't perform their jobs properly.

I mean he was not that bad. As long as you studied, went to lectures, and completed all the quizzes you should end up with a fairly decent grade.

Professor Kulikowski is a great professor, but he is horrible at lectures. Worst CS major lectures ever. Literally learned almost nothing from lectures. Homework and quizzes are hard. Do not take his section trust me.

He's AWFUL! He didn't teach anything during lectures; just went on about random stuff trying to be inspirational, didn't teach anything! Learned everything on my own. He didn't even cover course material we were supposed to cover like graph theory. Quizzes/tests were really hard; all he talked about was his research being an inspiration to us.

