I've had Menny for 211, 214, and 314. He has tough exams and projects but very generous curving that more then makes up for it. I personally never attended classes and performed very well in all 3 courses. As long as you put in the work you will get the grade. He is very nice and knowledgeable about the material. I would take him again!

Best. Professor. Ever. So knowledgeable and great at teaching. His lectures are awesome, and he always answers questions thoroughly. Class is somewhat hard, but reasonable if you come to lecture.

Monotonous lectures, but he's down-to-earth and accessible. Homeworks are very difficult, so be sure to do well on them or else you won't pass. Tests are also difficult but they are mainly conceptual, trivia-type questions with little-no coding. Also, the curve is negligible, so don't rely on it and do the best you can.

I did not do well on exams and only passed because of projects. So, try your best at every project and also do well on exams.

poor teaching skills, cannot keep students engaged in lecture, and focuses on teaching info that is irrelevant on exams, HW, and in careers. review session before exam is helpful tho. recitations were very disorganized; none of my classmates attended. final was very fair & reasonable.

David Menendez is a RACIST. he said "ik its tight in here, hopefully you all showered" now MIND YOU this is the most indian dense state, and the subject is statistically indian majoritied (computer science). I thought this was unprofessional. he posted the review questions for the final a day before, contains wrong answers (watch out for 4b-e)!!!!!

I have had Menendez for two classes now, and I can confidently say that you need to stay focused on the assignments. The assignments are very important, and doing badly on them means you will not pass. The tests are not particularly difficult and more closely resemble trivia exams than coding exams, as they are filled with random questions.

Simply underrated. If you can't read your assignment requirements stop complaining.

Menendez is very dry and pretty by the books, but he is very knowledgeable about computer architecture and went through examples multiple times for students who were confused. His class is hard and the projects MUST be started early if you want a good grade on them, but its doable and manageable. Tests are not heavy on coding, more regular problems

There are 3-5 projects and the rest of the grade is exams. Exams are very hard. Projects are very hard to do right, and perfection is pretty much required to pass the class. Hard cutoffs, had to retake class for a 69.5%. Unhelpful lectures. Unhelpful Canvas. No updates on Canvas, and VERY slow grading.

The class is not as bad as Algos, but it's not great, especially that one project. Most people get to phase 3 or 6 of it, but I finished, and it took ALL my time for two full weeks. Exams are hard, but doable. Projects are hard, some not doable. This professor's lectures are not very helpful. And speaking to him outside of class also isn't helpful.

made me hate coding in C, made me hate everything computer architecture. please save yourself and don't take him if you're someone who's dependent on a teacher to pass a class. i passed but i fought for my life to

Prof. Menendez is a very good teacher; his explanations of C and low-level architecture are thorough, cohesive and delivered in perfect English!!! (rare for Rutgers). The midterm and final exams include code-on-paper, so you'll need to put in real effort to do well, but his class is absolutely worth it.

The lectures were dry, but luckily everything gets posted online so you can just skip pretty comfortably. Recitation optional as well. 50% projects 50% midterm/final. Absolutely 0 respect for students' time. Assigned projects without giving enough time on occasion. Class averages were very high with fair exams though, so overall the A is free.

Insanely disorganized class. Lectures weren't helpful at all and felt like a fun facts session more than an actual lecture (coming from someone that listened and took notes every class.) Projects and exams required self study from start to finish but were doable. Did not give enough time for the projects for the amount of work required in them.
