I actually enjoyed his class. He also really tried to ensure that students learned the algorithms properly. You need to read the textbook and go to lecture. Also, he holds review sessions during his office hours and his practice exams are very similar to the actual exams. He's also brilliant in his field so it was cool to have him

Barely came to class (including the final exam), made "creative problems" on the exams even though he never even came to teach. Luckily, attendance was not mandatory, so better to self study or take another professor.

Bottom 3 profs in this department imo. Dull, uninteresting, practically a ghost when trying to reach out. Also, prob the worst final grade distribution ive ever seen. Final is worth 40%, so no matter what you get (with the exception of an A+) be prepared to witness your final grade fall some letter grades at the end of the semester.

Difficult to follow and genuinely does not care at all. He was abcsent for half the semester and didn't even bother showing up for the final. Makes the final weighted at 40% and gives the most stingy curve if you can even call it that? Avoid and take Zhang instead

Really unreliable professor. He is not accessible even in the slightest outside of class. He missed the first month of classes because he was busy working in another country. Aside from that, his lectures are okay, and homework isn't too bad. But I wouldn't recommend him to anyone.

Horrible class. Honestly horrible teacher. His exams are so hard, people complained to the dean and they said they couldn't do anything because he's famous. He sings in Hungarian during exams. Sometimes lets his daughter teach the class (and she is better lol). Very disorganized content. Do not recommend professor.

This class was a disaster. He openly admitted to being a terrible teacher + not wanting to teach, and even let his daughter take over the class at times. If you want to get anything out of this class, please for the love of god take it with someone else (I would say it's worth pushing it back a semester if Mario is the only option). Easy A tho tbf.

I attended every lecture, but found that I learned more just from reading the textbook (and could learn the same topic in half the time). He did things slowly and we were far behind the other prof's sections of 344. He made interesting algorithms boring. Granted, he is caring and tried to learn many people's names. But take a diff prof if you can.

I like the way you walk, the way that you talk I like the way you lecture I like the way you grade

lectures were a mess. unclear grading. no curve even though i was above upper quartile on every assignment and exam.

Professor explains concepts, mentions there is a curve in the beginning of the class but when grades come out there is no curve. Often mentions this course is easy but in reality there are some fundamentals to go through and needed to be explained properly. Disorganised and not a good experience overall.

Nice dude, kinda funny. Class is very not good. No hate to the dude, but going to his lectures and trying to listen to them was like trying to figure out a maze. First day of lecture, he jumped straight into a random topic, and didn't explain the relevance of it. Super disorganized way of teaching. Grades kinda lightly though. Don't take.

Prof. Szegedy taught advanced concepts in algorithms and absolutely killed it. Lectures were heavy and homeworks took time, bit it was worth it.

Exams are easy. Very little theory. Course was geared towards passing interviews.

Nice guy, but didnt seem to care about the class, and as whole it was very unorganized; it wasnt always clear what he expected from you, which made it hard to prepare for exams even though they were open book. Told us things at the last possible minute. But he does his best to ensure that you pass. Brilliant researcher, but not the best professor
